Geu Rim.
Did you really think...
if you got Ji Soo Ho to join,
you could be the main writer?
Wake up, will you, Geu Rim?
Even if you're good...
at winning over guests...
and at kissing up to people,
if you can't write,
you'll go on air and humiliate yourself.
You know your limitations,
don't you?
I don't know how you got Lee Gang...
to pick you to be the main writer,
but Ji Soo Ho...
Do you really think that's even possible?
Is that why you're here? You think it can happen?
Like Ji Soo Ho would really DJ a radio show.
Geu Rim. I'm saying this...
because I'm concerned for you. I mean it.
Wake up and smell the coffee!
The probability of him becoming a radio DJ...
is much worse than you becoming a main writer.
Got that?
I'll do the radio show.
Let's do the radio show.
Let go, Soo Ho.
I said, let go.
What kind of act are you putting on?
Why did you come here?
Do you really have no pride?
Why were you just listening to all that?
What did you say?
Who is she?
Why can't you say anything back at her?
I know, right?
I must have zero self-esteem.
That's why...
I would follow you around after all you did.
(Episode 3)
Hey, Geu Rim.
What was that?
What's wrong with Ms. La?
Also, what's with Ji Soo Ho?
Did Ms. La leave?
After you and Soo Ho left hand in hand...
Don't even mention it.
She made such a fuss before leaving.
What's going on between you and Soo Ho?
Let's get a beer.
Beer?
My writer told me...
to finish all of these before going home.
I won't be going home.
I have to go.
Make sure to text me...
what happened between you and Soo Ho. Got it?
Did you watch the video I sent you?
All of it? From start to finish?
No.
If you didn't,
how did you know to come here?
Do you want one?
No.
I keep letting you see the worst of me.
It's been days already.
The drama world is your home ground.
I was very embarrassed there.
But,
radio is my home ground.
And I'm just as embarrassed right now.
Please leave.
This is my hideout.
Okay?
Just go, will you?
I just said...
your famous line.
I can't believe I said it.
"Just go."
"Please, just go."
How annoying.
Are you crying?
No one's crying.
You're talking nonsense.
I would never cry...
from something like this. I'm not weak.
I wouldn't...
If I promise to be on the radio,
will you stop crying?
Come over to my place tomorrow.
I'm sorry?
We'll sign the contract.
Hey, man.
Okay. Hey. Hey.
Hey.
Hey, man.
How can anyone be so...
I mean, you're great. You're perfect.
Let me ask you one thing.
That's good news. Ask me 100 questions.
Why did I agree to doing the radio?
What?
Are you going to be a DJ?
I don't know.
Hey.
Did you agree to it because of Lady Kamikaze?
It's not because of Song Geu Rim.
Bravo.
Did you just get emotional with me?
You just kept talking nonsense.
It's not nonsense.
The Ji Soo Ho I know...
would never sign up for a daily show.
On top of that, a live show...
that must air 365 days a week?
Also,
you would never talk to the public...
without a script.
That's what I know about radios,
and you agreed to it.
Lady Kamikaze is pretty amazing.
She hurt my pride.
I have been trying for months...
to tear down the wall you put against me,
but Lady Kamikaze just needed a few days.
How humiliating.
If I promise to be on the radio,
will you stop crying?
We'll sign the contract.
But...
Seriously?
Will Ji Soo Ho really become our DJ?
Ji Soo Ho promised to be your DJ? Are you sure?
Ji Soo Ho is willing to do a daily show?
Are you sure you told him it's a daily show?
He probably doesn't know.
Maybe he thinks it's like a television show...
where you only need to record once a week.
Are you sure?
Yes.
We haven't signed the contract yet.
Just get him to sign. Get him no matter what.
Get him right now.
(Contract)
Get him no matter what.
I can see right through you.
Are you the same angry man we saw yesterday?
What are you doing, Ms. Song?
You better go. Get going.
- I'll come with you. - No!
Where do you think you're going?
You can't go there.
You're no help even if you go with her.
Crazy Gang, just sit back down.
Okay.
Go.
Okay. I will go on my own then.
Song Geu Rim!
Yes?
Make sure he stamps on it.
If you get it stamped,
your main writer position...
will be considered.
Okay?
Okay.
- I'll be back. - Okay. Go.
Let's go! Good luck!
I suddenly feel like praying.
Namaste. Namaste.
Hold on.
I'm not ready yet.
Well...
Song Geu Rim.
You really have no pride, do you?
How can you come here after everything...
you've been through?
However,
I'm not recruiting him just for myself.
I really want...
Ji Soo Ho to be introduced to radio. Right?
Yes. Let's get off.
Hold on, Song Geu Rim.
Let's lay out the facts.
I'm sorry. My legs are too long.
Didn't you just trip me on purpose?
Of course not.
That happened because he really has long legs.
When I confronted him,
he said, "Of course not."
It would be wrong of me to still doubt him.
Thank you.
See? He even rescued me.
That sounds like fun.
Do I get to take writers to hotels too?
I never came here with a writer before.
About that... Just forget about it.
Let's just delete it from my memories.
What? That scared me.
What is this? This is scary.
As you already know,
it's a daily show. You know that, right?
That means you will have to save two hours...
each day of the year for the recording.
Also, it's not a visual medium,
so you won't get as much coverage.
Also... Your recording fee...
might not be satisfactory to you.
We probably cannot offer you enough.
However, you're willing to do it. Thank you.
What is this?
The contract.
The contract?
Take a look, and tell me if you can put up with it.
Number 1. No live shows. Only recorded shows.
Number 2. Ji Soo Ho has jurisdiction...
over script and guest.
Number 3. Ji Soo Ho can quit whenever he wants.
Number 4. Song Geu Rim must agree...
to everything Ji Soo Ho says.
What is this?
This doesn't make any sense.
That's too bad.
But...
the virtue of radio is doing it live.
If you don't want to do it live...
I only want to do it when everything is set.
The production director and the staff...
decide on the script and the guests together.
I'm telling you I will decide.
Also, how can you quit whenever you want?
Once a radio program starts,
they're planned for the long term.
The least you can do is for a year.
I'll try it for a month, then decide later.
But...
(Song Geu Rim must agree...)
What is this one?
Am I signing up to become a slave?
You can think about it, then contact me.
I have another schedule to go to.
Wait, I got it.
I'll contact you after talking to my boss.
Could you read through our contract too?
Right. How can we contact you?
- You don't have a phone. - Do you want my number?
Yes. Well...
Thank you.
I'll get going now.
Bye.
What is it that you want to say?
I...
I'm getting butterflies.
I cannot wait to see the faces you make...
in front of Lady Kamikaze in the future.
What if Lady Kamikaze...
agrees to your contract?
There is no way she would do it.
- I would. - What?
Wouldn't it be so much fun for her to work with you?
I really hope she signs the contract.
I don't get why you're mad,
but you look sexy when you're angry!
I thought I had seen it all...
with my previous DJs,
but a top star is beyond my imagination.
I need to build my skills.
Hey, why do you look so dazed?
What is that?
- Mr. Lee. - Will he do it?
He said yes, but...
What is it? Did he abuse his power?
Does he want control over the script and guest?
- How did you know? - He declined live shows?
What?
How did you know?
I've done radio shows for years.
Let me see it.
What do we do?
(Contract)
(Radio DJ Contract)
It's okay. Just tell him to sign.
Sorry?
Tell him to come and sign the contract.
Really?
- Isn't our show live? - It is.
What if Ji Soo Ho...
says he'll do it, but gives an attitude later?
I'm Lee Gang.
But seriously,
how did you win Ji Soo Ho over?
You really are gifted at that.
Don't worry.
You brought Ji Soo Ho,
so you're my main writer.
I won't do a daily show.
Hey.
Are you...
saying you won't do a daily show?
A daily will fail.
It's best to do two shows in its time slot.
Along with Seung Soo and La Hee.
Our two teams can share nicely.
You do three days,
and we do three days.
The one with higher ratings get Sunday.
How's that?
I mean,
Rather than struggling every day,
let's do it right, even if it's only one day,
and prepare properly.
Do you mean the programs should battle?
Exactly. We can call it that too.
The media market has changed.
If there's a reason why radio is failing,
we should follow the reason it'll succeed.
Why is radio failing?
Because we never tried anything.
We never challenged ourselves.
That's why it's failing.
Let's do it.
You jerk. What was that?
What? Battle?
Namaste. Greetings first.
Don't give me "Namaste," you punk.
Why?
Why are you angry?
I just don't understand.
You must think I'm below you,
and want to bring me in as your gopher, but...
Look, classmate.
Well...
You aren't my gopher.
I'm proposing we put forth a respectful competition.
You were fired anyway.
You should beat me...
with your radio show at least once.
Right?
Listen carefully.
Next time, this sword...
will not stop here.
This is my last warning.
What was that?
This is ridiculous.
Should I call reporters here?
Are you insane?
Then I'll call the police.
What?
If you do this again,
I'll kill you for real.
Cut!
- Thank you. - Soo Ho.
You were shooting lasers out of your eyes.
You have an incredible presence.
- Let's watch that. - Okay.
1. No live shows.
Only prerecorded shows.
Recordings have their own merit.
It's stable,
and good for your mental health.
2. Ji Soo Ho has authority over...
events, the writing, and guests.
Ji Soo Ho is a top star,
so the guests will also be top stars.
This is awesome for us.
3. Ji Soo Ho may quit...
whenever he wants.
We can make sure he never wants to quit.
It'll be motivation to work hard.
4. Song Geu Rim cannot refuse...
anything Ji Soo Ho says.
I can just listen carefully.
Listening is critical in a relationship.
Okay.
Who could this be?
Hello.
I'm Song Geu Rim, a radio writer.
This is Lady Kamikaze's phone number.
If you're calling me...
Yes, I'm calling about Ji Soo Ho's contract.
After discussing it with the production director,
we agreed to proceed with the terms he requested.
If you'd let me know when he's free,
I'll report to the station manager,
and he can just come to the station...
and sign the contract.
I see. Okay.
I'll relay the message to Soo Ho.
Okay.
Let me use your phone.
And if I do?
- Agree to do a session. - Hurry.
I want the planning manager and writers...
at the meeting tomorrow as well.
Please review the data I requested.
Okay.
Lee Gang.
He's 34 years old.
He's a legend in the radio world.
Everything he produces is number one in ratings.
He won the best program award...
in 2011 and 2013.
He's known to have a terrible temper,
so he was forced to take a 2-year sabbatical...
and recently returned from India.
That's why we can't figure out...
what the program will be like,
and how we should write...
your lines.
Next.
She's been an assistant writer for four years.
There's no sample of Song Geu Rim's writing,
so we couldn't find anything.
She's famous for getting guests on her show,
such as Song Hye Gyo, Sohn Suk Hee,
and Kim Soo Hyun.
That's why we don't know what she'd write,
and what we should write for your script.
It's difficult to tell.
I'll listen to the rest when I get back.
I'll do the radio show...
with the script you write.
So please start preparing.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Ms. Nam...
would like to see you before you go.
Ms. Nam.
Please put me in as Soo Ho's radio show guest.
What do you mean?
You always ask...
when you understood.
It's so lame.
You're not fooling anyone.
He and I won acting awards together as children.
It's not so bad to have a 10-year reunion...
on the radio.
You'll tie us together and write...
many articles about us, won't you?
I brought this photo to you first.
I'm very loyal, you know.
So you should also show me...
some loyalty, don't you think?
Who's backing you?
What do you mean? Don't be silly.
It's just that...
when I go somewhere to eat,
they always come to eat there.
When I go shopping,
Da Seul always comes to shop.
But your husband...
always pays.
That's how I found out.
Is doing radio with him all you want?
Come on. Naturally, that won't suffice.
That's just the start.
I'll get going now.
Hi.
When someone says, "Hi," you should say, "Hi" back.
We'll be seeing each other often.
Hi to you too.
Hey. Seriously. Say, "Hi," will you?
Both the star and the manager ignore me.
Hey, Mister.
Can you do something for me?
It's a lame line, I know,
but for old times' sake.
A radio show?
Really? You won't regret it?
I may.
Try it.
You should try what you want to do.
Now, we'll move onto business.
I respected your choice,
so please respect mine.
Give-and-take is a given in business.
Must I really do that movie?
You know, right?
You have a responsibility for what you choose.
And that countless lives...
depend on what you choose.
- You're right. - So?
If it is as you say,
countless lives depend on my one decision.
Then I must do the radio show.
[VIU Ver] KBS2 E03 Radio Romance "The Contract"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Hello.
Hello, Soo Ho.
Hello, Geu Rim. How have you been?
Well, thanks to you.
Let's go.
Weight limit exceeded.
I will get off.
No, I'll get off.
It's Ji Soo Ho!
Here we are.
The station manager, GM, and the executives...
are all here.
Really?
Yes. The station manager for variety shows...
and dramas is also here.
Let's go in.
Okay.
I'll wait in the lobby.
Where are you going?
- Hey, Mr. Kim... - Come on.
I need to work. Why...
Mr. Kang, Ji Soo Ho is here.
Thank you for coming.
I look forward to working with you.
Okay, Soo Ho,
I know these are just formalities,
but let's sign the contract...
and enjoy lunch together,
talking about the progress and future...
- about our radio... - I'd like to...
sign it alone with Song Geu Rim.
I was touched by her endless passion...
and love for the radio, which is why I agreed.
That is why I'd like to sign alone with her.
Sure. Okay.
Go.
Is this...
Yes, the writer's office.
I plan to clean and redecorate.
By the time you come,
it'll be completely...
I'd like the monthly,
weekly and daily plans for the program,
and the script one week in advance.
Pardon?
But...
radio shows don't work that way...
You can't do it?
Will you refuse to do it if we can't?
If you look at item four of the Geu Rim contract,
you cannot refuse anything I say, correct?
The "Geu Rim contract"?
You agreed to proceed with that contract.
I trusted you...
and came to sign that contract.
Excuse me, Soo Ho.
Are you threatening me again?
It's not a threat.
How could these words with this expression...
be a threat?
I'm asking you, not threatening you.
I am unfamiliar with the radio,
and as you know,
there are many people who monitor what I say and do.
Sure.
I didn't think that far.
That is why I need your help.
If you agree, shall we sign?
Sure.
(Contract)
(Ji Soo Ho, Song Geu Rim)
I promise to clean the room well.
I'll go now.
Namaste.
I'm Lee Gang.
I'm Ji Soo Ho.
I'm production director.
Trust me.
I won two broadcasting awards.
I'm Ji Soo Ho.
What are you doing this weekend?
- What? - Can you make some time?
Our writer,
the production director,
and the DJ should discuss the show.
My apologies, but it'll be difficult.
Once you have the plan and direction,
please call my agency.
It's so cold.
Excuse me, Soo Ho.
Well...
Well, I didn't get to say something.
Thank you.
And I look forward to working with you.
I'll work hard and make sure you're happy...
you're on the radio.
I'll try to get you to love the radio.
Thank you very much for believing in me...
and choosing to go on the radio.
Let me see the contract.
- Pardon? - Let me see...
what terms Ji Soo Ho and you agreed to.
Well...
They're just...
Geu Rim. I heard we're battling.
Did you know?
I heard from Mr. Lee.
You against me?
Like you compare.
Are you confident?
Of course, not.
I'll just try hard.
I need to go...
write my script.
Want to be my AD?
Will you do it?
Wake up.
- What? - Wake up!
Why are you sleeping on that?
They are my life's mentors.
I want...
to absorb their talent...
They're your life's mentors?
Yes. I'm sorry. I won't sleep on them...
You pass.
Pardon? What do you mean?
Work with me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Hey!
There's a reason why these shows failed.
You know them from experience.
First, don't copy other programs.
Second, don't use music to fill the time.
Third, don't ignore listeners' comments.
And now, since we are on the same team,
we need to know each other's lethal moves,
in order to maximize his or her potential.
So, you.
You.
What are your go-to lethal moves?
I'll give you a week. Figure it out by then.
Find it.
What?
- Lethal move. - Louder.
- Lethal move. - Lethal move.
Lethal move!
You little punk.
- I'm sorry. - Is this a joke?
I'm sorry.
Do you have a dog?
Yes, I do.
I see.
What is the capital of India?
Namaste.
What's the longest you've gone without washing?
Thank you.
Here, I wrote this.
Please take a look.
Do you have a dog?
No, I don't.
Pass.
Can you start tomorrow?
Yes. I'll do my best.
Let's toast.
You.
I did choose you as my assistant director,
but you only know "sorry."
Your reflexes are slow, right?
You can't fix things very well, right?
How am I supposed to trust you?
Then you shouldn't have picked me.
You're a terrible writer,
but you're passionate...
and cause trouble everywhere, right?
How am I supposed to trust you?
This is insane.
Seriously.
He says such sweet things.
If you...
don't work hard and slack off,
what do I do?
Mr. Lee, our arms hurt.
Can we toast?
We all have experience messing up big time,
and a lady who killed her program.
Look.
It hurts enough already without you...
repeating it.
So let's all survive together.
Okay?
If you...
can't do your part in my booth...
I'll kill you with my bare hands.
Okay?
And finally,
it's okay if we lose,
but let's at least put up a good fight.
Okay?
Okay.
- Okay. - Okay.
- Here. - Cheers.
(Art Gallery)
Congratulations
Congratulations on your promotion
My Geu Rim.
- Congratulations. - Thank you.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Good luck!
Work hard.
Thank you.
- Mom. - Yes?
It's a dark, starless night.
But there's a full moon.
It's as big as my face.
It must be really small then.
Gosh, Mom.
I admit. I do have a small face.
How do you feel, Ms. Song Geu Rim?
What?
It's been your only dream through middle school,
high school, and college...
to become a radio writer.
I'm not sure yet.
It hasn't hit me yet.
But Mom, I'm going to work really hard.
I'll work super hard to make a radio show...
that you will listen to every day.
Really?
Then I'll work super hard to listen.
Hello?
Yes, speaking.
Who?
What is...
JH has its own contracts, you see.
Please read it through and sign it.
(Radio Program Contract)
(Ji Soo Ho, Song Geu Rim)
(Authority)
His schedule is packed until late next year.
Two hours a day...
is too burdensome for him. Still,
since he insists on doing it,
we'll do whatever we can to support him.
If you'd send over the scripts...
Do I need approval?
We need to inspect them.
I can be here, right?
I mean,
what contract are you entering into without me?
Send the script only to me.
We'd like to inspect...
the guests you'll have on the show as well.
Yes, ma'am, that's already in his contract.
You only need my consent for that as well.
What is your representative work?
Have you won awards for writing?
Not yet.
As his agency,
that is a big concern.
What if people talk about you dating,
just because you're alone in the booth together?
I'm also concerned...
that I'll see you again in my son's house...
like last time.
That will never happen.
Never. Never.
That was a misunderstanding too.
That will never ever happen with Soo Ho.
The reason I'm adding the "ever" is,
it's Ji Soo Ho.
- What do you... - I can promise.
I will never fall for someone like him.
Never.
And what kind of a person would that be?
He is...
the complete opposite of me.
So you don't need to worry about that.
Okay. I'll get going then.
I'll discuss the contract with my boss.
Thank you. Bye.
You'll go? Really?
And if not?
You'll really sell chicken?
I can go elsewhere as a freelancer,
but I feel sorry for you.
Let's have some respect.
Ji Soo Ho is their DJ. What can we do?
So what?
What about It?
Lee Gang intimidates you.
You're the same year, but you always lost.
How can you do a show without Geu Rim?
Your guests can't carry you anymore.
Let's stop.
I refuse to let Geu Rim beat me.
You'd better do it right this time.
You won't let me lose to Gang, right?
Right?
Don't you ever think about doing a good job yourself?
(Contract)
No!
This makes no sense!
How could you lend me the land for a month?
How can I farm the land?
I need time to plant the seeds, let it sprout,
and give it fertilizer and sunlight.
How can I do it in a month?
That is not my problem.
If you still want to borrow the land, fine.
If not, scram.
My lord.
I must inspect your skill. I will cut rice cakes,
you write while I do.
You must write 100, no, 1,000 pages...
until your script...
passes my inspection!
Fail!
(Contract)
No!
What are you doing?
Why do you have so much...
Mr. Lee.
Have you been sleeping here this entire time?
Yes.
I didn't have a home when I returned from India.
Did you find a place?
Yes. See you later.
Later?
Should I just wait and not go home?
I need to learn how to write scripts.
No. Go home.
I'll teach you like crazy starting today.
We should show those jerks who disrespected us.
What? Starting today?
Are you coming back here tonight?
Bye.
What the...
Excuse me. Mr. Lee?
Why are you...
- I live here. - Since when?
Since today.
Let's be together 24 hours a day.
We'll come up with something then.
We have no time.
The concept is, since we have no time,
the writer and PD spends 24 hours a day together.
Ta-da.
Well...
But this...
Do you hate being with me 24 hours a day that much?
Sorry?
Are you annoyed because I order you around?
You're a writer. You know that, right?
Do you think listeners' stories are garbage?
How many times did I tell you to pretend...
they are cries for help from your mom and sibling?
I said to read it thoughtfully.
Why do you always just skim it?
Mr. Lee. Please watch what you say.
You need to stop writing garbage.
Why is everything pieces of other shows?
Do you want to make trash by copying others?
Newbie.
- Yes? - I said you're a writer.
When will you write if you only run errands?
If I see you delivering food again, you're dead.
You're a writer too.
The first person who called me a writer.
Call...
Ji Soo Ho.
Pardon?
Aren't you going to prepare a plan?
If he says he's busy,
will you just sit around and wait?
He signed a contract, so we should use him.
Who? Our DJ.
What? The contract that says Ji Soo Ho...
has all authority?
I heard his calendar was full this week.
- Really? - Yes.
Then we'll go since we have nothing.
Where are his plans?
- Should I call? - Yes.
But he doesn't own a phone.
Are you messing with me? Then what?
(Lady Kamikaze)
He's working out right now.
When will he be done?
He should be done soon.
Then I'll call in half an hour.
Let me talk to him then.
Sure.
Who is it?
Who else would call you through me?
Hello?
- Nagasaki. Thank you. - Enjoy.
Hi, Soo Ho. Hello.
When will you ever get a cell phone?
It's not like I'm crossing the DMZ to talk to you.
I always have to consult your manager, so...
That's not bad, but...
Hello? Soo Ho?
Go ahead.
I'm calling because...
Mr. Lee would like to meet for a planning meeting...
if you have time.
Hello? Soo Ho? Do you hear me?
Yes.
Are you free?
No. I have plans now and a shoot tomorrow...
That's not true. He's free now and tomorrow.
He showered and changed into comfortable clothes.
Geu Rim, I can't go today, so...
Soo Ho. Let's not do this. We're both pros.
You're a pro, so I know you understand.
If you signed the contract,
you must've had...
the mindset of a pro to produce a good show.
But you don't seem like a pro at all now.
What do you mean?
The thing with the radio is,
the DJ can't make the show all by himself.
But neither can the writer or production director.
If you won't discuss openly with us,
we can't do anything.
My agency will call...
Forget the agency.
What will you do if our program fails...
because of you?
Are you an amateur?
Do you do everything halfheartedly like this?
Where are you?
Here.
- Mr. Lee. - Tell him the address.
(Art Gallery)
Take a seat.
So? What do you want to do here at this hour?
Namaste.
I wanted to see your face,
so I was a bit rude.
I didn't know you'd come right away.
- You told me to come. - Exactly.
Because you're a pro.
I'll hope you are a pro as well.
Anytime.
I've never been out at this hour before.
Why not?
Do you get lost if you go out?
Does lightning and thunder come at you?
Mr. Lee. I'm not here to fight.
I called you here so that we can become closer.
I don't drink.
Why not?
Is there a reason you can't drink?
There are hundreds of reasons.
But I have no reason to tell you all of them.
Come on. Tell me.
That's what I wanted to hear.
Eat some of this.
It's good.
The pork is to die for.
I heard it would be a planning meeting.
If you're going to keep saying nonsense,
- I can go... - No, you can't.
Mr. Lee. Don't be like that.
Let's get along...
and discuss the program...
Hey, Newbie.
We're getting along and getting closer.
Right?
Look.
I want to get really close to my DJ.
But if you don't trust me...
Because you aren't trustworthy.
I'm concerned that you'll cause trouble...
while I'm in the booth and leave again.
Have you completed researching me?
Did you research the newbie too?
And if I did?
Isn't that great?
If you searched us,
thought about it,
and chose us,
it's a big honor for us.
That's how much you believe in us.
Serious.
What's wrong with this moron now?
I did think about it before deciding,
but you weren't a part of that consideration.
Seriously.
What's wrong with this top star punk?
But now, I am very concerned.
Should I quit then?
(Radio Romance)
As per the scary contract,
Newbie and I will go home together...
Together?
Ji Soo Ho is taking an overnight trip?
Geu Rim is always behind these grand decisions.
I think I left my laptop bag on the boat.
Do we have to wait long?
The train stopped running.
We'll have to stay the night.
Is Soo Ho with Ms. Song?
I've always dreamed...
of the beautiful first day when my DJ...
reads from my script.